This files contains a combination of multiple top traders/players
in the game, and their rankings of each potential bonus.

Based on this list, comprehensively devise a ranking of which are
considered best, which are considered good, average, and bad.

ambiguous or conflicting rankings should be confirmed before assigning a ranking.

Bonuses & ranges:

Weapon Bonuses
Bonus	Weapons	Type	Information	Range
Achilles	PI, PS, RF	Buff	Increased Foot damage (%)	50 - 169%
Assassinate	PI, PS, RF	Buff	Increased damage (%) on the first turn	50 - 148%
Backstab	PI	Buff	Chance (%) of double damage when opponent is distracted	30- 96%
Berserk	SL	Buff / De-Buff	Increased Damage (%), Reduced Hit Chance (half%)	20 - 87%
Bleed	PI, SG, SL	DOT	Chance at "Bleed" DOT effect, with damage ticks starting at 45% that of the damage dealt when proc occurs, and reducing to zero over 9 turns.	20 - 72%
Blindside	SG	Buff	Increased damage (%) if target has full life	25 - 96%
Bloodlust	SL	Buff	Life regenerated by a (%) of damage dealt	10 - 18%
Comeback	SM	Buff	Increased damage (%) while under 1/4 life	50 - 127%
Conserve	MG, RF, SM	Buff	Increase (%) ammo conservation	25 - 49%
Cripple	HA, SG	Enemy Debuff	Chance (%) to Cripple opponent reducing Dexterity by 25% (x3)	20 - 58%
Crusher	CL	Buff	Increased Head damage (%)	50 - 133%
Cupid	PI, PS, RF	Buff	Increased Heart damage (%)	50 - 158%
Deadeye	PI, PS, RF, MG	Buff	Increased Critical hit damage (%)	25 - 123%
Deadly	SG	Buff	Chance of a "Deadly" hit (+500%[13] damage)	2 - 10%
Disarm	CL, PI, PS, RF, SL	Enemy Debuff	Disables opponents weapon for (X) turns upon hitting their hand or arm. Note: this will not work on the first turn of an attacking fight.	3 - 15
Double Tap	PS	Buff	Chance at hitting twice in a single turn	15 - 57%
Double-edged	SL	Buff	Chance (%) of double damage at the cost of self injury	10 - 32%
Empower	PI, CL, SL	Buff	Increased Strength while using the weapon (%)	50 - 222%
Eviscerate	PI, SG, SL	Enemy Debuff	Opponent receives extra damage (%) under this effect	15 - 34%
Execute	PS	Buff	Instant defeat a target upon a damaging hit when opponent is below (%) life	15 - 29%
Expose	PS, RF, SG, SL	Buff	Increased critical hit rate (%)	7 - 21%
Finale	HA	Buff	Increased damage (%) for every turn the weapon is not used	10 - 17%
Focus	RF	Buff	Hit Chance increase (%) for every successive miss	15 - 35%
Frenzy	CL, PI, SL	Buff	(%) Increase to Damage and Accuracy on each successive hit	5 - 14%
Fury	CL, PI, SL	Buff	Chance (%) of hitting twice in a single turn	10 - 36%
Grace	SL	Buff / De-Buff	Increased Hit Chance (%), Reduced Damage (half%)	20 - 76%
Home Run	CL	Buff	Chance (%) to deflect incoming temporary items	50 - 93%
Irradiate	PI	Enemy Debuff	Apply 1-3 hours [14] radiation poisoning when used for the finishing hit	100%
Motivation	CL, PS, SL, SM	Buff	Chance (%) to increase all stats by 10% (up to 5 of these may stack)	15 - 35%
Paralyze	HA	Enemy Debuff	Adds 300 seconds ‘Paralyze’ effect (50% chance of missing turns) [15]	5 - 18%
Parry	SL	Enemy Debuff	(%) Chance to block incoming melee attacks	50 - 92%
Penetrate	MG, PI, RF	Enemy Debuff	Ignores (%) of enemy armor mitigation	25 - 49%
Plunder	CL, PI, SL	Buff	Increase (%) to money mugged when used for finishing hit	20 - 49%
Powerful	CL, HA, RF, SM, SG, MG	Buff	Increased Damage (%)	15 - 49%
Proficience	SM	Buff	Increase XP (%) gained when used for the finishing hit	20 - 59%
Puncture	MG, PI, RF	Buff	Chance (%) of ignoring armor and defensive bonuses. More info at main article: Puncture	20 - 57%
Quicken	PS, SL, SM	Buff	Increased Speed while using the weapon (%)	50 - 245%
Rage	CL, PI, SL	Buff	Chance (%) at hitting 2-8 times in a single turn	4 - 18%
Revitalize	SM	Buff	Chance (%) of restoring the energy spent attacking, when used for the finishing hit	10 - 24%
Roshambo	CL	Buff	Increased Groin damage (%)	50 - 132%
Slow	CL, PI, SM	Enemy Debuff	Chance (%) to Slow opponent reducing Speed by 25% (x3)	20 - 64%
Smurf	MG	Buff	(%) damage increase for each level under an opponent	1% - 5%
Specialist	MG, PS, RF, SM, SG, HA	Buff	Increased Damage (%), weapon is limited to a single clip	20 - 59%
Stricken	HA	Buff	(%) Increased hospital time upon final hit	30% - 99%
Stun	CL, HA, SG	Enemy Debuff	Chance (%) to cause opponent to miss next turn	10 - 40%
Suppress	MG	Enemy Debuff	(%) chance to Suppress opponent causing 25% chance to miss future turns	25 - 49%
Sure Shot	RF	Buff	Chance (%) at a guaranteed hit	3 - 11%
Throttle	PS, RF, SG, SL, SM	Buff	Increased Throat damage (%)	50 - 170%
Warlord	HA, RF, SG, SM, MG	Buff	Increases respect gained (%)	15 - 45%
Weaken	PI, RF, SG, SL	Enemy Debuff	Chance (%) to Weaken opponent reducing Defense by 25% (x3)	20 - 63%
Wind-up	CL, PI, SL	Buff	Increased damage (%) after spending a turn to wind up the weapon	125 - 221%
Wither	PI, PS, SM	Enemy Debuff	Chance (%) to Wither opponent reducing Strength by 25% (x3)	20 - 63%

Weapon Bonuses
Bonus	Yellow	Orange	Red
Achilles	50 - 73	77 - 98	114 - 169
Assassinate	50 - 69	70 - 93	101 - 148
Backstab	30 - 40	37 - 52	44 - 96
Berserk	20 - 34	39 - 53	60 - 87
Bleed	20 - 30	31 - 45	53 - 72
Blindside	25 - 37	41 - 59	73 - 96
Bloodlust	10 - 12	12 - 14	17
Comeback	50 - 66	70 - 99	102 - 127
Conserve	25 - 29	30 - 36	43 - 49
Cripple	20 - 28	29 - 40	52 - 58
Crusher	50 - 72	76 - 102	133
Cupid	50 - 74	75 - 110	124 - 158
Deadeye	25 - 45	46 - 72	76 - 123
Deadly	2 - 3	4 - 6	9
Disarm	3 - 5	5 - 9	9 - 15
Double-edged	10 - 15	16 - 24	32
Double Tap	15 - 23	25 - 35	39 - 57
Empower	52 - 85	90 - 140	180 - 222
Eviscerate	15 - 18	19 - 24	26 - 34
Execute	15 - 18	18 - 22	23 - 28
Expose	7 - 9	10 - 14	14 - 21
Finale	10 - 11	12 - 13	13 - 17
Focus	15 - 19	20 - 24	32 - 35
Frenzy	5 - 7	7 - 9	10 - 14
Fury	10 - 15	16 - 23	26 - 36
Grace	20 - 31	38 - 49	60 - 76
Home Run	50 - 59	62 - 71	71 - 93
Irradiate	
1hr 6m - 1hr 15m RT
4 - 12
?	
2hr 16m RT
62
Motivation	15 - 19	19 - 25	26 - 35
Paralyzed	5 - 8		17-18
Parry	50 - 59	62 - 71	71 - 87
Penetrate	25 - 29	30 - 37	38 - 49
Plunder	20 - 25	26 - 33	36 - 49
Powerful	15 - 21	22 - 32	33 - 49
Proficience	20 - 28	29 - 38	44 - 59
Puncture	20 - 27	28 - 39	30 - 57
Quicken	50 - 88	91 - 149	154 - 245
Rage	4 - 6	4 - 10	11 - 18
Revitalize	10 - 13	13 - 17	18 - 24
Roshambo	50 - 69	76 - 90	132
Slow	20 - 28	29 - 42	43 - 64
Smurf	1	2 - 3	3 - 5
Specialist	20 - 27	28 - 38	40 - 52
Stricken	30 - 43	44 - 54	85 - 99
Stun	10 - 15	16 - 23	25 - 40
Suppress	25 - 31	33 - 40	?? - 49
Sure Shot	3 - 4	5 - 8	8 - 11
Throttle	50 - 71	76 - 105	119 - 170
Warlord	15 - 19	20 - 27	28 - 45
Weaken	20 - 28	29 - 40	44 - 63
Wind-up	125 - 145	145 - 167	177 - 221
Wither	20 - 28	29 - 42	43 - 63

King's RW Guide (split into 3 categories, and 2 rankings ("B or better", and "niche or trash"))

Damage bonuses
    B or better:
        Assassinate,bleed,bloodlust,deadeye,empower,execute,expose,focus,frenzy,fury,parry,penetrate,powerful,quicken,rage,smurf,specialist,sure shot
    Niche or trash:
        Achilles,backstab,berserk,blindside,comeback,conserve,crusher,cupid,deadly,double-edged,double tap,finale,grace,puncture,roshambo,throttle,wind-up

Support bonuses
    B or better:
        Eviscerate, weaken, wither, slow, motivation, suppress, disarm
    Niche or trash:
        cripple,paralyze,home run, stun

Utility bonsues
    B or better:
        Warlord, revitalize, stricken, plunder
    Niche or trash:
        Proficience

END OF KINGS

Mug's tier list
(How I rate each legendary is my own personal opinion, how you rate them and how anyone rates them is personal opinion. These are my current thoughts. You are not forced to use my guide. If you like it cool. If not, didn't really give a shit. In reality anything is potentially viable, but anything with C or higher in the tier list is more viable IMO.

This section has two tier lists a "Damage List" for those that like to go 'full retard' and try to kill as fast as possible, and a "Utility List" which can either help your fight survivability or to simply be more annoying)
QUALITY RANGE: (Will update as i see higher or lower ranges)
Yellow 82.39% to 187.51%
Orange 136.91% to 235.67%
Red 210.72% to 312.19%

Damage Bonuses:
    S Tier
        Eviscerate
    A Tier
        Fury
        Deadeye (his least fav of A tier without double bonus)
        Rage
        Execute (has value even at yellow ranking)
        Bleed
        Specialist (perk is best on Enfield)
        Expose (B tier at yellow, A tier at orange/red)
        Penetrate (more consistent than puncture)
        Puncture (recently nerfed, likely lower)
        Powerful
    B Tier
        Quicken
        Motivation
        Empower
    C Tier
        Sure Shot
        Deadly (less valuable in yellow)
        Frenzy
        Focus
        Demoralize
        Assassinate (Cobra only)
    D Tier (better than nothing)
        Throttle
        Cupid
        Crusher
        Roshambo
        Blindside
        Finale
        Conserve
        Backstab
    F tier
        Comeback
        Berserk
        Grace
        Achilles
        Double-edged
        Wind-up
        double tap

Utility Bonuses:
    S tier
        Demoralize
        Revitalize
        Bloodlust
        Plunder
    A Tier
        Warlord
        Handbag
        Motivation
        Eviscerate (also under damage)
        Disarm
        Stun
        Suppress
    B Tier
        Stricken
    C Tier
        Parry
        Home Run
    D Tier (better than nothing)
        Wither
        Weaken
        Slow
    F Tier
        Paralyze
        Irradiate
        Cripple

END OF MUGS

Andymans Bonus thoughts:
Special Notes

1.) There are several weapon bonuses that require a positive damage hit in order to proc. A 0 damage hit will NOT proc these bonuses.

2.) It seems that some weapon bonuses only appear on certain base types. (Double Tap doesn't appear on melee type weapons, for example)

3.) There have been zero yellow-quality weapons that have received a double-bonus. The verdict is still out on how often Orange and Red weapons receive a double bonus; however, I'm making the "Synergy Bonus" part of this guide with the assumption that all bonuses have a possibility of spawning with one another.

4.) There is A LOT to be tested, so much of this is subject to change. I certainly appreciate any attack logs sent to me as evidence that an assumption I made is correct/incorrect.


Bonus Name	Information	Range	Synergy Bonus	Andyman's Notes
Achilles	Increased Foot damage (%)	50 - 88%?	Penetrate	This bonus is not very good, you never want to decrease your critical hit rate in order to land more foot shots. At 20% critical hit rate, you're looking at approximately 1 out of every 13 hits being a foot hit. This bonus basically makes foot shots "less bad." That said, your average damage output will increase with this bonus. (it makes foot shots more like leg/chest shots)
Assassinate	Increased damage (%) on the first turn	54 - 92%?	Throttle, Cupid, Crusher, Eviscerate, Powerful, Expose, Deadeye, Plunder	This bonus is fantastic and arguably one of the best in my opinion, primarily because it greatly increases the chance for a one-hit kill when combined with damaging special ammo and the laser attachment which by extension minimizes the amount of return damage and debuff grenades (namely smoke) you take. The bonus is also great for muggers looking for quick kills and can greatly increase one's stealth chance if spawned on a weapon with solid base stats.
Backstab	Chance (%) of double damage when opponent is distracted	-- 36% --	Warlord	This is a weapon bonus that speaks for itself. It'll have a lot of synergy with Warlord in ranked warring since it will give 2 lower-stat players quite a bit of extra respect per hit against an otherwise untouchable enemy target. As a side note, a high-base-damage-stat Deadly-Backstab weapon could lead to some hilarious damage crits. 
Bleed	Chance at "Bleed" DOT effect, with damage ticks starting at 40% that of the damage dealt when proc occurs, and reducing to zero over 9 turns.	20 - 24%?	Possibly Double Tap, Penetrate, Rage, Expose, Fury if the debuff procs on each bonus-hit (untested)	Damage over time in this game is a bit of a trap. You rarely want to sacrafice your up-front damage for a chance at a relatively small amount of damage each turn as the fight progresses. Your goal in a 1 v 1 fight should always be to finish the fight as quickly as possible in as few turns as possible, which the Bleed bonus doesn't really do. That said, if this bonus spawns on a weapon with a worthwhile damage stat, it has the potential to be very powerful! Especially with assists and on defense. (You can't heal away the Bleed effect!)
Comeback	Increased damage (%) while under 1/4 life	-- 51% --	Deadly, Eviscerate	This weapon bonus is essentially the offensive-equivalent to Dune Armor's Insurmountable armor bonus. It'll be interesting to see if may players purposely keep their life low for the battle effectiveness boost. As a side note, I'm looking forward to seeing the first Comeback-Deadly-Throat shot on an Eviscerated target. 
Conserve	Increase (%) ammo conservation	-- 26% --	Specialist	This may seem like an underwhelming weapon bonus, but ammo conservation plays a fairly big role in not only minimizing turns spent reloading, but also special ammo sustainability. There are a few weapon bases with decent damage and accuracy stats that, when combined with a recoil pad attachment, suddenly become quite sustainable to use special ammo through.
Crusher	Increased Head damage (%)	50 - 88%?	Deadeye, Deadly, Expose, Penetrate	This bonus is great, at 20% critical hit rate, you're looking at approximately 1 out of every 6 hits being a head hit. The head is typically not very well armored when you factor in coverage and headgear armor rating, giving this bonus a fairly solid chance to do devastating critical hits.
Cupid	Increased Heart damage (%)	50 - 88%?	Deadeye, Deadly, Expose, Penetrate	At 20% critical hit rate, you're looking at approximately 1 out of every 50 hits being a heart hit. Note that the heart is typically fairly well-armored by 100% coverage relatively-high-armor-rating-chest-armor.
Deadeye	Increased Critical hit damage (%)	25 - 34%?	Throttle, Cupid, Crusher, Eviscerate, Powerful, Expose, Assassinate	This bonus is fantastic and arguably one of the best in my opinion, primarily because it greatly increases the chance for a one-hit kill when combined with damaging special ammo and the laser attachment which by extension minimizes the amount of return damage and debuff grenades (namely smoke) you take. The bonus is also great for muggers looking for quick (and stealthy) kills and punishes those who ignore their head armor and players in hazmat suits looking to avoid debuffs/radiation.
Deadly	Chance of a "Deadly" hit (5x damage)	-- 2% --	Eviscerate, Comeback	Any bonus that only procs less than ~5% of hits is going to be pretty underwhelming in battle. That said, this bonus combined with Eviscerate should lead to some hilariously huge critical hits. (You'll need to be using a full choke, hollow point rounds, be in a 10-star gun shop, and have shotgun mastery, 100% weapon exp, educations completed, faction aggression branch unlocked, etc. to maximize the critical hit damage against an unarmored virtually-no-defense player. This will take a lot of luck!)
Disarm	Disables opponents weapon for (X) turns upon hitting their hand or arm	3 - 4?	Slow, Wither, Stun	This bonus is interesting, at 20% critical hit rate, you're looking at approximately 1 out of every 6 hits being an arm/hand hit. That said, you'll most likely never want to lower your critical hit chance in order to get more disarm procs. Fairly useful for Defense whores looking to "turtle" 25 turns on defense and Dexterity whores looking to lower their chance of getting hit during a fight. This weapon bonus has a lot of synergy with the Slow/Wither/Stun weapon bonuses. I could also see this weapon bonus leading to a lot of real-life frustration of your opponents, which is it's own reward. 
Double Tap	Chance at hitting twice in a single turn	15 - 25%?	Possibly Bleed, Rage, Expose, Fury if the debuff procs on each bonus-hit (untested)	Great weapon bonus, but needs to be on a weapon with solid damage and accuracy stats to truly shine. (I typically define "solid" stats by taking the damage stat x accuracy stat and seeing how close to 4,100 it is.) I'm also unsure if it's possible to do a double-tap with less ammo than what is needed for a hit.
Empower	Increased Strength while using the weapon (%)	51 - 94%?	Execute	This bonus is great if placed on a solid damage stat base weapon, especially if that base weapon can use special ammo and weapon attachments to dish out more damage / critical hit chance. It potentially allows a player to enter a fight against a heavy-defense-stat player without having to spend money on Epi. Your mileage will vary greatly here depending on your target's stats; however, more strength will always lead to more damage potential.
Eviscerate	Opponent receives extra damage (%) under this effect	16 - 17%?	Deadly, Comeback	This bonus effectively increases damage dealt by the multiple on every subsequent turn, and should be included when used with the Deadly weapon bonus to achieve a massive hit when chasing after a large "best damage made" stat. (You'll need to be using a full choke, hollow point rounds, be in a 10-star gun shop, and have shotgun mastery, 100% weapon exp, educations completed, faction aggression branch unlocked, etc. to maximize the critical hit damage against an unarmored virtually-no-defense player. This will take a lot of luck!)
Execute	Instant defeat a target upon a damaging hit when opponent is below (%) life *	-- 15% --	Empower, Quicken	Frankly, anything less than about 17% life is underwhelming in my opinion since a fully-mitigated or dodged attack won't proc the bonus. (There's no executing Bodybagger upon him coming out of the hospital with a small first aid kit) That said, this bonus is nifty for hitting low-life targets and is the counter to the Dune armor bonus.
Expose	Increased critical hit rate (%)	7 - 10%?	Throttle, Cupid, Crusher, Eviscerate, Powerful, Expose, Deadeye, Assassinate, Plunder	Great weapon bonus, but needs to be on a weapon with solid damage and accuracy stats to truly shine. (I typically define "solid" stats by taking the damage stat x accuracy stat and seeing how close to 4,100 it is.) This weapon bonus also has the potential to be very good for increasing one's critical hit count when combined with a laser.
Focus	Hit Chance increase (%) for every successive miss	15 - 16%?	 	This bonus under 20% is underwhelming given how many turns (and reloads and return damage you'll take) to "charge up" the hit chance. I'm assuming the hit-chance is fight specific, and doesn't carry over to your next fight. If it carries over from fight-to-fight for a few minutes, it has the potential to be much better!
Fury	Chance (%) of hitting twice in a single turn	11 - 23%?	Possibly Bleed, Double-Tap, Expose, Rage if the debuff procs on each bonus-hit (untested)	I'm waiting for more testing to come out on this before passing judgement on this one. The bonuses I've seen have been very low (less than 25% proc rate) which isn't great; but if the Fury-bonus-hits proc other on-hit weapon bonuses then it's a whooooole new ball game! :D
Home Run	Chance (%) to deflect incoming damaging temporary items	36 - 66%?	Needs more testing. Unsure which types of grenades it deflects	Apparently this bonus can be used against different types of temps. There have been reports of this weapon bonus deflecting pepperspray (which seems goofy) and HEGs. I'm still waiting to hear if it can be used to deflect other temps such as smoke grenades and concussion grenades. Note that the bonus blocks the temp, it does not deflects the temp onto the opponent in the same turn! This obviously has a lot of potential utility for dexterity-heavy players who cannot afford a hazmat suit / delta helmet and for virtually any player wanting to minimize the amount of smoke grenades they eat from attack to attack. More testing to come on this! Big side note: The Home Run bonus doesn't seem to block injectable temps, which most players use in serious warfare. (smacking the needle into your own arm would be kinda wonky ) If it indeed blocks concussion grenades, trillion-stat dexterity whores in a hazmat suit will have no direct counter should they simply roll with tyrosine every fight.
Irradiate	Apply 1-6 hours radiation poisoning when used for the finishing hit	1	Needs more testing. Unsure how this stacks and the effectiveness of the radiation poisoning.	From what I've heard so far, this doesn't stack like most folks hope it does.  The hazmat suit also blocks this bonus with 100% effectiveness.
Motivation	Chance (%) to increase all stats by 10% (up to 10 of these may stack)	18 - 33%?	 	Good weapon bonus when proc rate is around ~20% and great weapon bonus when proc rate is over ~28%. There are a few different schools of thought with regard to using this weapon bonus; but the one that has the most potential in my opinion is using this weapon bonus against toothless defense whores to "charge up" stats and then roll-in an injectable booster before going up against a much bigger target. (A player could also hire this toothless defense whore to smack them with a pillow while charging up their stats and activating their injectable for them) The fact that Motivation stacks up to 10x to effectively double your effective battlestats puts this weapon right up there among the best weapon bonuses you can get on weapon. The big drawback to this weapon bonus is that the motivation takes several turns to charge to it's full potential but can be reset entirely upon dropping below 1 life, meaning taking an unlucky throat crit is all it takes to end the "charged up" stats. That said, this weapon gives balanced stat players on vicodin fighting in a music shop while on war specials ANOTHER method of raising their battle effectiveness quite considerably.
Penetrate	Ignores (%) of enemy armor mitigation	-- 32% --	Achillies, Roshambo, Cupid, Throttle, Crusher, Powerful	Great weapon bonus, but needs to be on a weapon with solid damage and accuracy stats to truly shine. (I typically define "solid" stats by taking the damage stat x accuracy stat and seeing how close to 4,100 it is.) This bonus will likely come into play more when full armor sets are released and become more common, especially among Clothing Store and Private Security employees.
Plunder	Increase (%) to money mugged when used for finishing hit	-- 27% --	Assassinate	It's my understanding this weapon bonus simply adds the bonus % to the mugging merit %. (50% from mugging merits + 27% from plunder = 77% more mugged over the base amount) If we ever see a Plunder bonus on a high-base-stat weapon with Assassinate, it will probably be worth quite a bit given how important one-hit kills are to so many competitive "big" mugs. (ie. Poker player going inactive or someone inactive with 4 SE's in their bazaar with 12 seconds left on their hospital timer)
Powerful	Increased Damage (%)	15 - 17%?	Fury, Double Tap, Rage, Plunder	Great weapon bonus, but needs to be on a weapon with solid damage and accuracy stats to truly shine. (I typically define "solid" stats by taking the damage stat x accuracy stat and seeing how close to 4,100 it is.)
Proficience	Increase XP (%) gained when used for the finishing hit	-- 22% --	 	Very nifty bonus for any player looking to increase their level in a short timeframe. I imagine these will be rented out quite a bit during World XP day and when players are on the experience boosting book. The min/maxing aspect speaks for itself.
Puncture	Chance (%) of ignoring armor	22 - 23%?	 	Pretty solid weapon bonus at a ~20% proc rate, but needs to be on a weapon with solid damage and accuracy stats to truly shine. (I typically define "solid" stats by taking the damage stat x accuracy stat and seeing how close to 4,100 it is.) I'm unsure if the armor bonuses are "ignored" should puncture proc, and if hollow point special ammo would do +50% more damage should the opponent's armor be "ignored" further testing is needed there! This bonus will likely come into play more when full armor sets are released and become more common, especially among Clothing Store and Private Security employees.
Quicken	Increased Speed while using the weapon (%)	51 - 94%?	Execute	This bonus is great if placed on a solid accuracy stat base weapon, especially if that base weapon can use special ammo and weapon attachments to further increase accuracy. It potentially allows a player to enter a fight against high-dexterity-stat player without having to spend money on Mela. Your mileage will vary greatly here depending on your target's stats; however, given how well speed scales against dexterity, a high-accuracy stat secondary loaded with tracer rounds and accuracy mods can greatly increase your hit chance without having to swap to a different loadout.
Rage	Chance (%) at hitting 2-8 times in a single turn	-- 6% --	Possibly Bleed, Double-Tap, Expose, Fury if the debuff procs on each bonus-hit (untested)	I'm waiting for more testing to come out on this before passing judgement on this one. The bonuses I've seen have been very low (less than 10% proc rate) which isn't great; but if the Rage-bonuses hits can proc other on-hit weapon bonuses then it's a whooooole new ball game! :D
Revitalize	Chance (%) of restoring the energy spent attacking, when used for the finishing hit	-- 11% --	 	This is a nifty weapon bonus and obviously useful for maximizing the number of potential hits a player can do. That said, it's useless on defense, and at a proc rate of less than 15%, is not going to be a complete game changer. At 11% proc rate, you're looking at an average of approximately 22e per attack instead of 25e per attack. It'll be interesting to see if this works with Love Juice. As a side note, if we ever see a Halloween "spooky" Trick or Treat weapon with Revitalize, it'll be worth a small fotune!
Roshambo	Increased Groin damage (%)	50 - 88%?	Penetrate	This bonus is not very good, you never want to decrease your critical hit rate in order to land more groin shots. At 20% critical hit rate, you're looking at approximately 1 out of every 25 hits being a groin hit.
Slow	-25% Passive Speed	20 - 25%?	Possibly Double Tap, Penetrate, Rage, Expose, Fury if the debuff procs on each bonus-hit (untested)	This bonus is interesting above about a ~30% proc rate for dexterity whores who utilize smoke to further extend their dex:spd differential against their opponent. That said, you only "slow away" 15% of a Mela upon procing Slow 3 times... and Melatonin is very cheap at only $300k a pop.
Specialist	Increased Damage (%), weapon is limited to a single clip	20 - 23%?	Assassinate, Deadeye	Damage early in the attack is always worth more than damage later in the attack! This bonus increases the chance for a one-hit kill when combined with damaging special ammo and the laser attachment which by extension minimizes the amount of return damage and debuff grenades (namely smoke) you take. The bonus is also great for muggers looking for quick kills
Stun	Chance (%) to cause opponent to miss next turn	12 - 17%?	Slow, Wither	Fairly useful for Defense whores looking to "turtle" 25 turns on defense and Dexterity whores looking to lower their chance of getting hit during a fight. Anything over ~15% I'd consider useful. This weapon bonus has a lot of synergy with the slow/wither weapon bonuses.
Throttle	Increased Throat damage (%)	50 - 88%?	Deadeye, Deadly, Expose, Penetrate	At 20% critical hit rate, you're looking at approximately 1 out of every 50 hits being a throat hit. That said, throat shots are generally not very well armored, and the critical hit bonus combined with a bonus that increases critical hit rate / critical hit damage, and regular damage can make for huge-damage hits.
Warlord	Increases respect gained (%)	19 - 22%?	Backstab	This weapon bonus speaks for itself and has loads of utility, especially considering it can help sway ranked wars! It'll be great for tag-team fair fight hits with factionmates and for boosting your chain respect during 5k chains. The only drawback to this weapon bonus is that it is useless on defense.
Weaken	-25% Passive Defense	20 - 25%?	Possibly Double Tap, Penetrate, Rage, Expose, Fury if the debuff procs on each bonus-hit (untested)	This bonus is underwhelming below about a ~30% proc rate. It only procs if you do a positive damage hit and only "weakens away" 25% of a Sero upon procing Weaken 3 times.
Wind-up	Increased damage (%) after spending a turn to wind up the weapon	126 - 146%?	 	I'm not a fan of this weapon bonus at all. Taking a turn to "wind up" a weapon that has a chance to miss the target is not ideal. The Sledgehammer's bonus ("reload" AFTER swinging) is better. The one positive attribute to this bonus is that it can help players achieve the single-turn-damage-related merits fairly inexpensively given how big the damage increase is.
Wither	-25% Passive Strength	20 - 25%?	Possibly Double Tap, Penetrate, Rage, Expose, Fury if the debuff procs on each bonus-hit (untested)	Wither is a solid weapon bonus, albeit only above about a ~30% proc rate. Defense whores can use this weapon bonus to "turtle" on defense by debuffing their opponent's strength to a ratio that no longer allows their opponent to do enough damage over 25 turns to avoid a stalemate. Note: At 9,000 life, you must average more than 360 damage per attack to avoid a stalemate against a defense whore. Also note that you only "wither away" 15% of an Epi upon procing Wither 3 times.


To be updated later:

Bloodlust - Recover % of damage dealt. Synergy with Powerful, and virtually every offensive-boosting bonus. This bonus gives a % of the life taken (not damage displayed) after each turn in battle. It's fairly underwhelming on most weapons with a damage x accuracy stat below 4,100 at ~11%, but gets interesting on virtually any weapon if the bonus ever gets closer to ~20%. Bloodlust is certainly useful to heal off big-life toothless players in salt mines and gas stations; especially if they activate your sero on defense before getting lusted-down... effectively allowing an additional way to heal along with the sero while on defense without adding to your medical booster. It also allows for some interesting turtling dynamics in a gas station and gives megazord players who take no damage from NPCs an easy way to heal back to full life for 25e. Overall, this is one of those "sounds cool, but not all that powerful" bonuses unless we start seeing much larger % bonuses.

Sure Shot - % chance of a guaranteed hit. Synergy with Execute, Powerful, and Empower. This bonus gives a relatively low % (I've only see 3% on a yellow item so far) to guarantee making contact with your opponent. It's a neat concept, but it practice, 3% for a single hit is far too low for anyone focused on dodging all incoming attack to really be concerned with. That said, it does have an interesting strategic place if it ever spawns on a weapon which has very high damage potential and critical hit rate. An orange/red weapon which gives closer to 6-7% for a Sure Shot would also be quite powerful.

- Comeback isn't working like I thought. It's straight D all the way across. 
- Berserk to be adjusted down slightly.
- Crusher should be B- against weaker opponents, that was a typo on my part.
 
In short; if you can only choose one weapon type to use in a fight; there are 4 main rifle species that currently shine above all of the rest: The Armalite, Enfield, Tavor, and Sig 552. These rifle bases have the highest damage x accuracy score, best ammo management, widest array of weapon attachments available (literally every attachment aside from the shotgun choke), can use all 4 special ammo types, can't be parried, only have yellow-lackluster coverage/armor rating Assault armor as the direct "bullet damage" counter, get education that boosts accuracy and ammo management, qualify for company special bonuses, and can spawn some of the best damage-focused and hit-rate-focused bonuses available including Powerful, Expose, Penetrate, Puncture, Deadeye, Assassinate, Sure Shot, and Specialist + Conserve. The only place these rifles lack is in stealth rating, and no one really gives a s**t about stealth rating.
 
That said... if you haven't unlocked weapon attachments, are still working on educations, are in a company that gets a melee damage boost (ie. Pub, Hair Salon, etc.) and don't have access to special ammo; you should focus on melee weapons. Most notably the highest damage x accuracy bases of which there are 4: The Macana, Diamond Bladed Knife, Kodachi, and Metal Nuns.
 
Generally speaking, the secondary slot should be used for utility bonuses when possible to free up your primary to defend with. This is typically why bonuses like Revitalize and Warlord are desired on weapons like the BTMP9. (Secondary)
 
Also... given that money is a finite resource; there are times where you might be able to snag a lousy-stat weapon species with an extremely good bonus for a GREAT price. Or great high-stat weapon species with a lousy bonus for a steal of a price. (ie. a Red Enfield with Achilles for $750m)

END OF ANYDMANS BONUS THOUGHTS

Busta_Chymes bonus thoughts:
How the information is organized:



Name of bonus	
Effect (taken directly from the wiki)

Weapons the bonus can spawn on

(taken from wiki)	
Yellow

Proc/efficiency rates by rarity (taken from wiki)	
Orange



Red



Facts:

Facts about the bonus – Many of these facts are from either the wiki, or from questions people have asked on the forums.

Analysis:

My personal analysis of the weapon, although I tried to be as neutral as possible.

The sign at the beginning points to whether it’s a positive (+), neutral (/) or negative (-) point.

Synergies:

Possible combinations, mods, weapons or bonuses to consider when buying this weapon, also separated by positive (+), neutral (/) or negative (-) points.




--------------------------------------------------------------------




Achilles	
Increased foot damage (%)

Rifles, shotguns, submachine guns, pistols, clubbing, piercing, slashing	
Yellow

50-73%	
Orange

75-100%	
Red

114-143%

Facts:

The chance of hitting the opponent’s foot is roughly 8.8%.

Damage is 0.7x base damage (whereas the leg is 1.0x, chest is 2.0x)

Analysis:

+ It’s usually the cheapest of all RW weapons.

+ All RW weapons are high quality, so it’s like a slightly stronger version of vanilla weapons you already love.

- This is a hugely unpopular bonus; at yellow, attacks on the foot will barely hit harder than normal attacks on the legs and arms.

- If this is the only RW weapon you can afford, you should spend your money elsewhere. If you can afford a better weapon, you should buy that one instead.

Synergies:

/ You need this on a strong weapon.

- Doesn’t particularly combine well with other weapons.

- Loses effectiveness when critical hit chance goes up.






Assassinate	
Increased damage on first turn (%)

Rifles, Pistols, Piercing	
Yellow

50-69%	
Orange

70-93%	
Red

107-141%

Facts:

This bonus only applies to the very first turn of the battle, not the first time you use the weapon.

If you are defending against a group, it will proc for the first attack against each person.

Analysis:

+ The damage increase is very high compared to other bonuses.

/ On defense, you need to make sure the weapon attacks first. The best way is to set the attack percentage at 100 and turn reloads off, while putting other weapons at either 1-2%.

- After the first attack, the weapon is equivalent to a high-quality vanilla weapon.

- Not good against people with higher dex than your speed; if you want to attack stronger players, you will need to pre-roll needles or join a group attack.

Synergies:

+ Combines well with weapon trigger mods which increase accuracy on the first turn by 5.00 or 7.50.

/ The bonus requires a weapon with high accuracy and damage, but not necessarily a lot of ammo. This makes the Cobra Derringer a perfect candidate on defense, and if you are expecting to switch to a different weapon.

- Doesn’t combine well with eviscerate





Backstab	
Chance (X%) of double damage when opponent is ‘distracted’

Piercing	
Yellow

30-40%	
Orange

45-56%	
Red

78-79%

Facts:

“Distracted” refers to the mechanic in play during a team attack when the enemy has been attacked by another player.

As the bonus is only proc’ed during distraction, the bonus is completely ineffective on defense.

Analysis:

+ The proc rate is extremely high relative to the damage output; The ‘double-tap’ bonus which gives a chance at hitting twice in a single turn (kind of close to double damage) only has a proc rate of 15-23% at yellow.

- A very niche bonus as it only applies during group attacks.

- This might be a useful faction armory weapon, passed around to members when making group attacks, but the limited use puts it relatively low on the list of weapons to own.


Synergies:

+ A useful weapon to have in a faction armory if team attacks are often used.

+ Combines well with buffs or enemy debuffs

-2x damage is a lot, but it won’t turn a bad weapon good. If this is on a pen knife or butterfly knife, with a damage rating of mid-thirties, you’re better off just using a DBK or Macana and doing attacks with a 65 damage rating 100% of the time.





Berserk	
Increased damage (X%), but with a reduced (half X%) hit chance

Slashing	
Yellow

20-35%	
Orange

39-53%	
Red

60-78%

Facts:

The reduced hit chance is half the increased damage. So if the bonus increases damage by 20%, it reduces hit chance by 10%.

Analysis:

+ A good option for increasing damage; lower hit chance can easily be overcome with cheap temps.

/ Since you are buffing one stat at the cost of another, this is not a terribly sought out bonus. But what is often overlooked is that there aren’t a lot of damage increasing bonuses for slashing weapons. There is no “assassinate” or “specialist” bonus for slashing weapons. Some of the other damage increasing bonuses available are wind-up (increased damage, but at the cost of one-turn), Fury (chance of hitting twice in a single turn; low proc rate), etc. So if you want to increase your slashing weapon damage, this is a perfectly valid option.

- Missing more is detrimental to damage (obviously). -Every miss is one less chance at getting a critical hit, and it causes less consistent results.

Synergies:

+ Combines well with buffs or enemy debuffs.

/ This needs to be on a good weapon. Low accuracy will make it even harder to hit, and low damage won’t benefit as much from the boost.





Bleed	
Chance (X%) at causing “bleed” DOT effect, with damage ticks starting at 45% that of the damage dealt when proc occurs, and reducing to zero over 9 turns, for a total of 225%.

Shotgun, piercing, slashing	
Yellow

20-30%	
Orange

31-44%	
Red

53-63%

Facts:

The bleed effect does not stack; if you hit the opponent and cause bleeding once, consequent procs reset the bonus.


Each damage tick is reduced by 5%. So the first tick does damage worth 45% of the original attack, while the second tick does 40%, third tick does 35%, etc.


Analysis:

+ Although the effect lasts for 9 turns, the damage is heavily front-loaded, meaning hitting constantly with this weapon is a valid strategy (as opposed to hitting once and letting the bleed run its course).

/ should be used sooner in the battle rather than later.

/ If used as a damage dealer, it is important to pay attention to the proccing hit. If bleed procs on a critical hit, you are better off leaving the bleed effect for a longer time, and vice versa.

Synergies:

+ Since the bleed effect deals damage based on the attack that proc’ed it, having a high rate of critical hits can make this bonus even better. (Mods, merits, etc.)

+ Eviscerate or other damage buffs will also work well, since the harder the initial hit, the higher the bleed damage. (Note that eviscerate does not affect the bleed damage itself; it only increases the damage of the initial hit which in turn will raise the amount of damage being bled).

+ Bleed is more effective the longer a battle is, both in terms of chance of proccing, and for the effect to last. I'd only recommend a yellow bleed if your fights last longer than 10 rounds and you hit at least 50% of the time.

/ For best results, a strong weapon with good dmg/acc is necessary. Proc rate for a yellow is between one every 4-5 hits. Ammo should be considered accordingly.






Blindside	
Increased damage (X%) if target has full life

shotguns	
Yellow

25-38%	
Orange

40-59%	
Red

70-86%

Facts:

Lower damage bonus than assassinate, but can be used after throwing a temp.

Higher damage bonus than specialist, but limited to activating it only once.

Analysis:

+ It can be used with temps, or other (non-damage dealing) debuffs.

+ If you miss, you can try for the bonus again, unlike assassinate.

- This bonus has limited usefulness during a RW since many targets are not usually at full health.

Synergies:

+ temps, damage dealing buffs

/ Must be on a strong weapon

- Doesn’t combine well with assassinate and ineffective with eviscerate.






Bloodlust	
Life regenerated by (X%) of damage dealt

slashing	
Yellow

10-12%	
Orange

12-14%	
Red

17%

Facts:

Note that the amount recovered is based on the amount of life lost by the enemy. For example, if you defeat an enemy by hitting them for 1,000 damage, but they only had 200 life left, the life regenerated is based on the 200 life.

The current max life is 12,870 (full marauder armor, merits, faction perks, mining corp.)

Alternatives to regaining health mid-fight are: the gas station special (10% chance on 20% health regeneration) and serotonin (25%).

Analysis:

+ This is a rather unique effect in that it is one of the few (if sub-optimal) ways to recover life mid-battle. It can help sustain you in a long fight and frustrate the opponent if you are continually recovering.

+ You can also use it to heal instead of raising your medical cooldown using meds. You just need to hit a high hit-point target that doesn’t damage you.

- This is usually very expensive, and not particularly useful for lower-level players where boosts to damage output in order to finish the fight sooner is often more useful than trying to sustain or stalemate.

- Also, 10% is not a whole lot, particularly at lower levels. If you hit a 4,000 health opponent,you’re only getting 400 life back.

Synergies:

+ Since life received is a % of damage dealt, buffs to damage are effective.

/Best if on a strong weapon






Comeback	
Increased (X%) damage when brought below ¼ life.

Submachine guns	
Yellow

50-66%	
Orange

70-99%	
Red

102-133%

Facts:

This bonus only applies when you get hit and fall under 25% hp; it will not proc if you simply start the battle below 25%.

Analysis:

+ Stronger when you have a high defense or dexterity and can last several rounds at ¼ life.

+ One of the highest damage boosting bonuses. It is as high as Assassinate, which only lasts for a single round, and it’s much stronger than powerful, specialist and deadeye.

- Can be countered by a person with an execute weapon and high speed.

- Only available on submachine guns, most of which are sub-par weapons.

Synergies:

+ Can be paired with Dune armor, which reduces damage received when under ¼ life.

/ Best when used on a strong weapon.







Conserve	
Increase (%) of ammo conservation

Machine guns, rifles, submachine guns	
Yellow

25-29%	
Orange

30-36%	
Red

39-49%

Facts:

Rounding of numbers with decimals apparently uses ‘stochastic rounding’ which means lower decimals have a higher chance of rounding down, and higher decimal numbers have a higher chance of rounding up, although the opposite may occur.

Weapons with Conserve include the bonus on the rate of fire. For example, an Ensfield usually has a rate of fire between 2-5. But on a weapon with conserve, the ROF is displayed as 1-4. (or 1-3 if you have a high percentage conserve). This does not, however, include further reductions to ammo spent via math education or the recoil pad.

Other ammo conservation bonuses are additive. So if you have a recoil pad (25% conservation) and a 25% Conserve RW weapon, you’ll be conserving 50%.

Analysis:

+ ROF is not a particularly exciting bonus, but the two advantages are less reloading, so more fighting and less special bullets used.


+ Can be useful on defense. Particularly if you are getting teamed up on and you end up using a lot of bullets.

- Unless this is paired with another bonus on the weapon you’re just shooting a vanilla weapon. It might be worth asking if being able to attack more with a vanilla weapon is more effective than using a weapon with a damage bonus.

->See comment section for further analysis on this bonus.


Synergies:

+ Can be used with a recoil pad and math edu to greatly reduce the number of bullets fired. (although it might be more prudent to use the weapon slot for a different attachment since you are getting diminishing returns)

/ Might be useful if your other weapon has the specialist bonus. The specialist bonus means it will only have one clip, which makes being able to fire a lot with your other weapon a good idea (unless you have a killer melee).

- You probably won’t pair this with a weapon that needs constant hits, like stat debuff weapons, or deadeye, expose, etc.






Cripple	
(X%) chance on hit of debuffing the enemy passive dexterity by -25%

Heavy artillery, shotgun	
Yellow

20-28%	
Orange

29-40%	
Red

44-63%

Facts:

As with other debuffs, it takes a damaging hit to proc.

The effect lasts for 5 minutes, and can stack up to three times for a total of -75%.

EDIT: Once three stacks are applied, the bonus will not trigger again, nor is it possible to refresh the times of the debuffs.

Debuffs on the enemy are based on the timer, and persist until the timer runs out or the enemy is sent to the hospital. (In which case the debuff goes away.)

Will only active once per ‘turn’ so if combined with effects that give you multiple attacks per turn, it only has a chance to proc once.

Facts:

+ It can be useful in a group attack where other people in the fight are having a hard time hitting the enemy.

+ You can use this bonus on a high accuracy (primary) shotgun, such as a Benelli M1 Tactical and switch to stronger, lower accuracy weapons after a couple stacks.

/ While there are other alternatives to debuffing the enemy’s dexterity (temps, group attacks, etc.), constantly shooting a shotgun at someone’s face isn’t the worst thing you can do.

-I don’t see why this is on heavy artillery weapons. Most have low accuracy and ammo capacity; both which make using it for the bonus practically useless.

-There are several shotguns with high accuracy, but low cartridge capacity. Proccing three stacks of the debuff will probably require at least a couple reloads unless you have good ammo conservation and once again, if you are hitting that often, perhaps reducing the enemy’s dexterity isn’t such a big priority.

Synergies:

+ Can be useful on a shotgun main and a Type 98 anti-tank secondary (with a different bonus). This allows for the shotgun to be used in earlier rounds to debuff the enemy which can help the low accuracy anti-tank weapon hit later in the fight.






Crusher	
Increased head damage (X%)

Clubbing	
Yellow

50-72%	
Orange

76-102%	
Red

133%

Facts:

There is roughly a 9% chance to hit the head; which leads to about 80% of all critical hits.

Hitting the head does 3.5x base damage, or 3.5x as much damage as an attack to an arm or leg.

Analysis:

+ The damage increase is high compared to other damage bonuses (although in line with other body-part specific bonuses, such as achilles, or throttle).

+ Doubling damage on high damage areas is more effective than on low damage areas. For example, if your attack on a foot does 100 damage, it doubles to 200. An attack on the head that does 350 doubles to 700.

+ Since the damage increase is so high, and 4/5 critical hits will land on the head, this turns out to be comparable to deadeye.

- Only available on clubbing weapons which don’t benefit from weapon mods or special ammo.

Syngergies:

+ Could pair with enemy debuffs well.

/ This requires a strong weapon; and there aren’t that many strong clubbing weapons. Metal nunchakus, or perhaps a flail if you have great speed could work.






Cupid	
Increased heart damage (X%)

Rifles, shotguns, submachine guns, pistols, clubbing, piercing, slashing	
Yellow

50-74%	
Orange

75-111%	
Red

124-158%

Facts:

There is roughly a 1.2% chance to hit the heart; making up only 1 in 10 critical hits.

Hitting the heart does 3.5x base damage, or 3.5x as much damage as an attack to an arm or leg.

Analysis:

+ The damage increase is high compared to other damage bonuses (although in line with other body-part specific bonuses, such as achilles, or throttle).

+ Doubling damage on high damage areas is more effective than on low damage areas. For example, if your attack on a foot does 100 damage, it doubles to 200. An attack on the heart that does 350 doubles to 700.

+ Spawns on most weapons, including guns which can be modded.

- The same damage bonus as crusher, with a much lower proc rate.

- At such a low proc rate, deadeye handily outdamages cupid.

Synergies:

/ Can be paired with weapon mods to increase critical hit chance, but you can’t increase the chance to hit the heart as opposed to the head.






Deadeye	
Increased critical hit damage (X%)

Rifles, pistol, piercing	
Yellow

25-45%	
Orange

45-72%	
Red

76-118%

Facts:

There are many debates about the best damage increasing bonuses, or whether deadeye (crit damage increase) is better than expose (crit rate increase) which are outside the scope of this guide.

What can be said is that deadeye is often listed high in damage builds, especially at orange or red ranges.

Analysis:

+ A good damage buff that scales up dramatically at higher rarities.

/ Not to dip in too far into the debate of deadeye vs. expose, but I think from the perspective of doing more damage at a lower rate, or doing less damage at a higher rate, expose lends itself to more consistency, less junk hits, and less overkill. Whereas deadeye scales better, can end battles faster, and is better for punching up.

Synergies:

+ Goes well with anything that increases critical hits, such as mods, merits, etc.

+ By extension, goes well with enemy debuffs to increase overall hit rate and damage.






Deadly	
(X%) Chance of a “deadly” hit (+500% damage)

Shotguns	
Yellow

2-3%	
Orange

4-6%	
Red

7-9%

Facts:

A good way to get the “Annihilation” honor (deal 15,000 damage in one hit).

Analysis:

+ It can be a fun weapon to have on defense, when you are often attacked by people stronger than you. It can serve as a nasty surprise and if you are likely to lose anyways, hoping for a 2-3% proc while not a winning strategy, is better than nothing.

- The problem of a low proc rate is compounded by the fact that the bonus is useful only in select situations. Probably not when enemies are coming out of the hospital, not when you have to defeat a low-level opponent, and not as the last hit of a battle which could lead to wasted damage in overkill.

Synergies:

+ Using piercing bullets would help because if the deadly hit is on a heavily armored part of the body, the armor would mitigate a large chunk of the additional damage.

/ This needs to be on a good weapon, because it needs to hit, and multiplying low damage is not effective.





Disarm	
Disables opponents weapon for (X) turns upon hitting their hand or arm.

Rifles, pistols, clubbing, piercing, slashing	
Yellow

3-5 turns	
Orange

5-9 turns	
Red

9-15 turns

Facts:

The chance of hitting a hand or arm is about 17.6%.

Will not work on the first turn of an attacking fight.

If you disarm a person for three turns and the fight ends, the effect does not carry over to the next fight. (There is a current bug where disarm carries over to the next fight regularly, even though it’s not supposed to).

Does not proc on 0 damage hits

Does not proc on additional attacks granted by fury/rage/double shot.

In group fights, if you disarm the opponent, they will only be disarmed when fighting against you; they will still be able to use the disarmed weapon against others.  -->UPDATE: if you disarm an opponent, they will be disarmed for other players as well! And as a side note, the enemy doesn't have to attack for the disarm counter to go down. So if the enemy is stunned, or has their turn skipped (as in the Aggression mechanic in team fights), the disarm counter still goes down.

Analysis:

+ This can be useful on attacks in the case that the enemy sets one weapon to 100% and everything else to 0 causing them to punch while they are disarmed.

+ Can be similarly devastating if the enemy is heavily reliant on one strong weapon, or if they have a specialist weapon that’s run out of ammo.

+ This can also be useful on defense to stall damage, where a stalemate is considered a win for the defender.

 

+ Many people point out that this weapon is especially good for Duke missions (along with parry) because most targets have run out of ammo, so their only weapon is a melee.

+ Has been touted as a good defensive weapon during the Halloween event, because people don’t want their ‘spooky weapon’ to be disarmed- thus denying them the 10% bonus of treat drops.


Synergies:

+ Can work well with enemy debuffs, especially on defense

/ This really needs to be on a good weapon to be useful. Since it has a low chance of proc’ing, you will probably need to make several attacks with the weapon. If the bonus is on a weapon with a 25-damage rating, and you use that weapon for 4 turns trying to hit an arm, you’ve wasted a lot of damage potential.

/ If you really want to disarm the enemy, it is possible to unequip critical hit rate mods to increase the amount of times you hit the enemy’s arms. Whether the tradeoff is worth it or not depends on your strategy.






Double-Edged	
(X%) chance of double damage at the cost of self-injury.

slashing	
Yellow

10-15%	
Orange

16-23%	
Red

26-32%

Facts:

The amount of self-damage is equal to 25% of damage dealt.

The bonus can’t kill you.

This weapon is a good way to get the survivalist merit, which is to win an attack with only 1% life remaining. (Since the weapon won’t kill you, if you use it when you are low on health and the weapon procs and defeats the enemy, the damage to you will bring you down to 1% but won’t kill you.

Self-damage is a percentage of damage dealt. If you attack the enemy and deal 1000 damage, but they only have 60 life left, the damage you receive will be 15, and not 250.

I recently did an attack against an opponent that procc'ed this bonus and the damage had exceeded the opponent's max hit points. The self-inflicted damage was proprotionate to the full damage of the attack, overkill damage and all.


Analysis:

+ There are limited options for increasing damage on slashing weapons.

+ This weapon is most effective when fighting someone stronger than you. In which case, taking ¼ the damage of your attack, while not ideal, can be tolerable. If you consider that attacking the enemy twice opens you up to two enemy attacks, doing double damage on one attack and taking one enemy attack plus ¼ your attack (which is probably weaker than your enemies hits) can be a fair tradeoff.

/ Before everyone flames me, I’m not saying that this is a particularly good bonus. I realize it is dead last on a lot of people’s lists for various (and valid) reasons. So that might be another thing to keep in mind if you are considering getting a weapon with this bonus.

- Fury has the same proc rate, and it has a similar effect, without the self-damage.

- Exchanging life for an increase in damage seems foolish since you can increase damage without hurting yourself, via ‘berserk’ (the ‘cost’ is a reduction in hit chance).

- Practically speaking, you wouldn’t use this bonus on an enemy weaker than yourself; you could end up losing a large amount of health in a fight where you normally wouldn’t have taken any damage.

Synergies:

/ Since the purpose is to create more damage, a strong weapon is necessary to make use of this bonus.






Double Tap	
(X%) Chance at hitting twice in a single turn.

pistols	
Yellow

15-23%	
Orange

24-35%	
Red

40-53%

Facts:

If this weapon has a double bonus and there are two hits made, only the first hit will proc various debuffs, etc. All non-passive bonuses can only hit on the first attack.

Similar to Fury, which is only available on melee weapons, but with a higher proc rate.

Ammo is used for both hits, and in cases where you don’t have enough ammo for the second hit, the hit does not go through.

Works with assassinate to boost damage for both hits.

Analysis:

/ A decent damage bonus, but since it is exclusive to pistols, I think it’s worth addressing that there aren’t a lot of times where you will look to make your pistol your main damage dealer.

Synergies:

+ Mods and merits that buff critical hit rate make this bonus better.

/ This would have to be on a good weapon to make it worthwhile.

 

- A weapon like a Cobra Derringer is terrible with this bonus. The Derringer has a rate of fire of 1-2, but only holds 2 bullets per clip. So your first attack has a 50% chance of firing 1 bullet, and 50% chance of firing 2. If the gun fires 2 bullets, you are out of bullets, and the bonus won't proc. And assuming you only shot 1 bullet in the first round of attacking, the second round you are guaranteed to run out of bullets.

END OF BUSTA_CHYMES BONUS THOUGHTS

Cake's RW weapon selection
Bonus collocation and introduction
(including selection suggestions)
Below, we will introduce what kind of weapon Bonus is suitable for and how it can help you.

An RW weapon is a combination of weapons and bonuses. When evaluating an RW weapon, we must evaluate both weapons and bonuses. There is no point in discussing weapons or bonuses alone, especially when evaluating the value of an RW weapon.

This is an RNG game, the battle is full of variables, top weapon base + top Bonus is difficult to encounter. Some prefer balanced damage to defeat enemies steadily and quickly, while others prefer variable, one attack to defeat powerful enemies. I think most players just need to choose a good weapon base + a good Bonus RW weapon based on their own situation is enough, many top RW weapons will not appear on the market at all, arguing about which is the "best" combination is currently a meaningless thing. Choose what suits you the best.

 

New: Since the current data on RW bonuses on the Wiki is too backward and other articles have not been updated, I have added a percentage color range for all bonuses based on what I know. It's not necessarily comprehensive, but if my friends and I see a new bonus, I'll add it.

 

Weapon Categories: Different bonuses correspond to different weapons. Abbreviations will be used for display below. CL = Clubbing;" HA = Heavy artillery; MG = Machine gun; MK = Mechanical; PI = Piercing; PS = Pistol; RF = Rifle; SG = Shotgun; SL = Slashing; SM = Submachine gun.

Damage Bonus (A-Z)
Assassinate
Increased damage (%) on the first turn

%: 50-69 76-96 108-143

Categories: PI, PS, RF

 

Application scenario: Use this weapon only once

Applied weapon: Cobra Derringer

Choice tip: In most cases it is difficult to defeat an enemy with just one shot, but the Bonus of the second shot loses its effect and is very useful if paired with Cobra Derringer. Cobra Derringer has excellent Dmg and Acc, and the ammo cost is 1-2, can only use a single shot with Bonus can deal huge damage, Cobra Derringer consumes very few bullets, and will not be a burden on special ammo consumption.

Recommended usage: Cobra Derringer+Assassinate is suitable for defense, you need to set 100% Secondary weapon "While defending", and Reload is turned off

Backstab
Chance (%) of double damage when opponent is distracted

%: 30-38 38-57 57-70

Categories: PI

 

Application scenario: Multiple attackers attack one user

Selection suggestion: This Bonus is very high if it triggers damage, I don't recommend using it to attack NPCS because Frenzy is more appropriate. This is a good second Bonus that works well when paired with Plunder. For most muggers, mugging would involve a lot of competition and require a high level of damage to be sure you land the final hit. Grouping big guys will also work well in Ranked Wars. Would be good to buy one for your faction armory.

Bleed
Chance at "Bleed" DOT effect, with damage ticks starting at 45% that of the damage dealt when proc occurs,  and reducing to zero over 9 turns.

%: 20-30 31-46 49-70

Categories: PI, SG, SL

 

Weapon suggestion: The trigger damage of Bleed is directly related to the Dmg value of the weapon itself, so it is recommended to choose a high Dmg weapon (with high requirements on Acc, if you can't hit it, you can't trigger Bleed).

Selection suggestion: Weapons are valuable if they are red or orange, yellow weapons have a low trigger probability and are not recommended. Bleed is very demanding on the weapon base, and a Benelli M4 Super or high quality Melee weapon is recommended.

Usage Suggestion: After triggering Bleed, use other damage weapons without triggering Bleed again.

Tips: When Bleed is triggered, the damage caused by Bleed is related to the damage caused at that time.

Deadeye
Increased Critical hit damage (%)

%: 25-45 45-74 77-123

Categories: PI, PS, RF, MG

 

Selection Suggestion: One of the best damage type bonuses. According to mathematical models, does more damage compared to having a higher crit chance from Expose 

Empower
Increased Strength while using the weapon (%)

%: 50-86 93-149 168-234

Categories: PI, CL, SL

 

Tips: Increasing STR does not increase damage by %.

Application scenario: Attack DEF whore

Selection suggestion: The yellow bonus is too low, orange or red weapons are recommended. A better way to attack DEF whore is with Epinephrine.

Eviscerate
Opponent receives extra damage (%) under this effect

%: 15-19 19-24 25-33

Categories: PI, SG, SL

 

Application scenario: Increase damage

Weapon advice: EVIS triggers must "hit enemies" and "deal damage" to take effect, so the idea of buying a booster for a weak friend will not work, this Bonus must be paired with a good weapon. If your main weapon is a damage weapon, you can pair an Melee weapon with an EVIS, or vice versa.

Frenzy
(%) Increase to Damage and Accuracy on each successive hit

%: 5-7 7-10 10-14

Categories: CL, PI, SL

 

Application scenario: Attack DEF whore, best choice is to attack NPCS.

Weapon proposal: High Dmg weapon.

Usage suggestion: Critical strikes against NPCS in Round 25 deal a huge amount of damage. A 100-day player like me can use Frenzy to rank in the top five NPC damage lists.

Fury
Chance (%) of hitting twice in a single turn

%: 10-15 16-22 26-37

Categories: CL, PI, SL

 

Weapon Suggestion: This Bonus is only available on Melee weapons, but Rage Bonus is recommended if you decide to use the Melee weapon as a damage weapon and the primary weapon as a secondary weapon.

The Fury bonus results in a lower output than the rage bonus in the same color.

Penetrate
Ignores (%) of enemy armor mitigation

%: 25-30 30-37 38-49

Categories: MG, PI, RF

 

Usage advice: One of the best damage bonuses, the better the enemy's armor, the higher the damage Bonus, when against high armor enemies, the actual damage dealt will exceed the Bonus %.

Penetrate: In the case of attacking RW armor (armor greater than 35), the actual increased damage % is higher than Bonus%. But striking exposed areas does less damage than powerful ones.

Powerful
Increased Damage (%)

%: 15-22 22-32 33-48

Categories: CL, HA, RF, SM, SG

 

Usage suggestions: Mainstream damage Bonus, which needs to be used with PI bullets. If you don't use special bullets, you can't beat other top damage bonuses.

Puncture
Chance (%) of ignoring armor

%: 15-22 23-34 35-54

Categories: MG, PI, RF

 

Usage advice: One of the best damage bonuses, suitable for IN bullets.

Rage
Chance (%) at hitting 2-8 times in a single turn

%: 4-6 6-10 12-18

Categories: CL, PI, SL

 

Weapon suggestion: Red and orange weapons are recommended. Yellow weapons are not recommended, Bonus probability is too low. Rage is the best damage Melee weapon.

Tips: Bonus that can trigger without hitting an enemy.

Tips2: In the current system, if the first attack is blocked by a parry weapon, the rage bonus will not be triggered. If the first attack misses, but is not parry, rage can still be triggered.

 

As for the "Rage" and "Parry" triggers, since none of us currently have more than 90% of the red Parry bonus, we can't get accurate test results, click here for an explanation of the different views.

Specialist
Increased Damage (%), weapon is limited to a single clip

%: 20-28 28-39 37-59

Categories: MG, PS, RF, SM, SG, HA

 

Weapon of choice: The Enfield SA-80 is preferred, followed by SIG 552, no other weapon is recommended. Enfield has better sustainability and SIG has a higher Dmg.

Use suggestions: All the top damage Bonus in the theoretical damage value of the best Bonus, the only disadvantage is that the ROF dependence is strong, so the weapon requirements are relatively harsh.

Tips: In theory, after learning the two courses Of education "MTH2310 :Discrete Mathematics" and "MTH3330 :Bachelor Of Mathematics", and with the MOD, the Enfield SA-80 can sustain 17 attacks. The SIG 552 can sustain 10-11 attacks.

Bonus that generates economic value (A-Z)
Parry
(%) Chance to block incoming melee attacks

%: 50-59 60-74 76-92

Categories: SL

 

Application scenario: Against any Melee weapon.

Weapon suggestion: Japanese knife preferred, Navy machete and Claymore Sword second.

Choice suggestion: The enemy in Duke mission has no bullets, which is perfect for Parry weapons, torn's most valuable thing is Energy, saving Energy is profit, preventing mugger is profit. There are many articles that recommend Parry weapons, you can see:

Choose criteria for Plunder / Parry weapons [cake] | Tutorials… (torn.com)

Tips: Due to the fact that its unique mechanism has been nerfed once, Bonus was triggered only by carrying a Parry weapon, now it requires a Parry weapon to be used in order to trigger the Bonus, so it needs a good weapon base.

Tip 2: Parry Bonus does not need to hit an enemy and deal damage to trigger the bonus, only use the weapon to activate the bonus.

Plunder
Increase (%) to money mugged when used for finishing hit

%: 20-25 26-33 36-49

Categories: CL, PI, SL

 

Weapon Advice: Plunder must successfully land the final hit on the enemy to take effect, but Plunder Bonus does not increase damage, so the weapon is very demanding and must be used well.

Use Tips: mugger's 25 Energy has endless possibilities.

Revitalize
Chance (%) of restoring the energy spent attacking, when used for the finishing hit

%: 10-13 13-16 18-24

Categories: SM

 

Selection tip: The most expensive thing in the game is Energy, so Revitalize is the most expensive Bonus.

Weapon recommendation: Weapons with Revitalize Bonus are not particularly good, Bonus itself is impeccable.

Tips: Enemies must be defeated with the final hit to trigger the Bonus.

Warlord
Increases respect gained (%)

%: 15-20 20-27 28-39

Categories: HA, RF, SG, SM, MG

 

Application scenario: chain and RW wars

Recommended weapons: Recommended and Revitalize the same, the higher the Bonus the better.

Selection Suggestion: Increase the speed of faction farm, speed up the progress of RW war, faction armory necessities, improve the earning power in RW war.

Special Bonus (A-Z)
Bloodlust
Life regenerated by a (%) of damage dealt

%: 10-12 12-14 15-17

Categories: SL

 

Applicable players: DEF whore, DEX whore

Conserve
Increase (%) ammo conservation

%: 25-29 30-37 38-47

Categories: MG, RF, SM

 

Application scenario: Enhanced ROF of weapon

Selection suggestion: Suitable as the second Bonus of the main weapon, reducing the special ammunition consumption. Pairing with SPEC would be great, but rare.

Deadly
Chance of a "Deadly" hit (+500% damage)

%: 2-3 4-5 6-10

Categories: SG

 

Application scenario: Make an "Annihilation" Merit

Choice suggestion: Borrow one from a friend, you won't need it if you already have the Merit

Disarm
Disables opponents' weapon for (X) turns upon hitting their hand or arm. Note:  this will not work on the first turn of an attacking fight.

times: 3-5 5-9 9-15

Categories: CL, PI, PS, RF, SL

 

Tips: Cancel all "Critical Hit rates", without using any mods, the critical hit probability is 20%, and each attack has a 16.67% chance of triggering Bonus. If the weapon is not removed after the Bonus is triggered, the enemy remains in a Disarm state in subsequent battles. The first round cannot be triggered.

Use weapons: Weapons must be good, as this Bonus does not increase damage.

Selection Suggestion: Red is recommended. Orange and yellow are not recommended.

Double-edged
Chance (%) of double damage at the cost of self injury

%: 10-15 18-24

Categories: SL

 

Tips: You won't die because of this Bonus

Choose Advice: Advice serves as the second Bonus of the Plunder weapon.

Execute
Instant defeat a target upon a damaging hit when opponent is below (%) life

%: 15-17 18-22 23-30

Categories: PS

 

Tips: You must "hit the enemy" and "deal damage" to take effect this Bonus. Invalid for NPCS.

Tips2: After leaving the enemy, regenerate Health at 25%. That means the Bonus has to be high.

Selection suggestion: Red weapons have value. Orange and yellow weapons are not recommended.

 

Questions that have been asked a lot lately: Why are the same red Execute weapons so different in value?

aecb1a8c-bcbe-4cb7-8d65-598c002d2549-3278085.png

9370af65-5466-4a73-b18f-4682ee899eea-3278085.png

Based on the wiki information, it is easy to conclude that bonuses over 25% are good, and not all Red Execute bonuses are above 25%. In addition, this needs to consider whether the enemy has the ability to increase the regeneration rate of life, there are 9 ways to obtain this ability, which can be viewed here.

https://wiki.torn.com/wiki/Perks

That said, if you want an Execute weapon that can be used successfully every time, the 25% bonus is just a starting point.

Expose
Increased critical hit rate (%)

%: 7-9 9-14 14-21

Categories: PS, RF, SG, SL

 

Selection suggestion: Mainstream damage Bonus. According to mathematical model calculation, does less damage compared to deadeye, puncture, penetrate, specialist and other damage bonuses.

Focus
Hit Chance increase (%) for every successive miss

%: 15-18 19-24 26-35

Categories: RF

 

Selection Suggestion: Suitable as a second Bonus.

Home Run
Chance (%) to deflect incoming temporary items

%: 50-59 64-73 76-90

Categories: CL

 

Selection advice: If the weapon is not good, you need to bet on the enemy to use the item timing. If the weapon is good, you need to bet on when to trigger the Bonus, so only red high quality weapons are recommended because of their high Bonus.

Motivation
Chance (%) to increase all stats by 10% (up to 5 of these may stack)

%: 15-19 19-25 25-34

Categories: CL, PS, SL, SM

 

Tips: Lose Motivation bonus after death and need to start stacking again.

Choice suggestion: As an auxiliary weapon, or as a second Bonus for damage weapons.

Weapon suggestion: If used as a damage weapon, then you need a good weapon base, because the process of triggering damage is slow. If it is used as a secondary weapon to activate the MOTI, it needs a high ACC value, and if it cannot hit the enemy, it cannot trigger the MOTI.

Proficience
Increase XP (%) gained when used for the finishing hit

%: 20-27 28-38 41-59

Categories: SM

 

Recommended weapons: Borrow one from a friend, or borrow one from a faction armory.

Usage suggestion: Leveling up is faster, which is useless for level 100 players.

Tips: I don't recommend leveling up quickly, a player with a low Battle stats but a high level can easily become a target for the chain. If you plan to upgrade quickly, you can also choose to Revitalize the weapon to gain more Merits in the process of upgrading.

Quicken
Increased Speed while using the weapon (%)

%: 50-86 91-149 153-237

Categories: PS, SL, SM

 

Application scenario: Fight DEX whore.

Weapon Suggestion: This Bonus does not increase damage and requires a good weapon.

Slow
Chance (%) to Slow opponent reducing Speed by 25% (x3)

%: 20-28 29-40 43-64

Categories: CL, PI, SM

 

For players: DEX whore.

Choice suggestion: There are almost no SPD whore, and if the enemy does not bring Melatonin, then it cannot defeat the DEX whore.

Weapon Suggestion: This Bonus does not increase damage and requires a good weapon.

Smurf
(%) damage increase for each level under an opponent

%: 1-2 2-3 4-5

Categories: MG

 

Applicable players: level holding player

Stricken
(%) Increased hospital time upon final hit

%: 30-43 46-54 69-96

Categories: HA

 

For players: Mercenaries.

Stun
Chance (%) to cause opponent to miss next turn

%: 10-16 16-24 26-30

Categories: CL, HA, SG

 

Weapon suggestion: Red weapons have a high Bonus%, yellow and orange Bonus trigger probability is too low.

Suppress
(%) chance to Suppress opponent causing 25% chance to miss future turns

%: 25-27 33-38 49-49

Categories: MG

 

Weapon suggestion: Red weapons have a high Bonus%, yellow and orange Bonus trigger probability is too low.

Tips: This Bonus will only appear on Machine Gun weapons, Machine guns consume a lot of bullets, and special ammunition will be badly consumed.

Sure Shot
Chance (%) at a guaranteed hit

%: 3-4 5-7 9-12

Categories: RF

 

Application scenario: Fight DEX prostitute.

Weapon Suggestion: This Bonus does not increase damage and requires a good weapon.

Selection Suggestion: Suitable as a second Bonus for damage weapons. It is recommended to choose a red or orange weapon, the Bonus trigger probability of a yellow weapon is too low.

Weaken
Chance (%) to Weaken opponent reducing Defense by 25% (x3)

%: 20-29 29-41 43-61

Categories: PI, RF, SG, SL

 

Applicable scenario: Attack DEF whore, attack non-Sentinel set enemies.

Weapon suggestion: Orange or Red weapons are recommended, the Bonus trigger probability of yellow weapons is too low.

Wither
Chance (%) to Wither opponent reducing Strength by 25% (x3)

%: 20-28 29-40 49-60

Categories: PI, PS, SM

 

For players: DEF whore.

Weapon Suggestion: This Bonus does not increase damage and requires a good weapon.

Selection Suggestion: Suitable as a second Bonus for damage weapons. It is recommended to choose a red or orange weapon, the Bonus trigger probability of a yellow weapon is too low.

I don't think it's a Bonus(A-Z)
These bonuses are not completely useless, if it appears as a single Bonus, the effect is relatively small, if it appears in the double Bonus position to produce a special combination, then there is still a very high value, according to the specific situation to judge.

At present, the combination of double bonuses is relatively small, so it is impossible to give a more detailed explanation. I will continue to supplement this article in the future.

Achilles
Increased Foot damage (%)

Categories: PI, PS, RF

 

Under normal circumstances, the probability of hitting the foot is 7.5 percent, which is far worse than deadeye and Expose.

Berserk
Increased Damage (%), Reduced Hit Chance (half%)

Categories: SL

 

This is not to reduce the weapon Acc, but to determine whether the final result is miss, that is, even a 100% hit rate may miss.

Blindside
Increased damage (%) if target has full life

Categories: SG

 

Simply assume that under what circumstances will people encounter the enemy of full life. RW Wars and Halloween won't. mugger would use plunder bonuses. The duke quest requires a parry bonus.

If the RW weapon itself is good, then it is a little better than regular weapons.

Comeback
Increased damage (%) while under 1/4 life

Categories: SM

 

This Bonus will only appear on SMG weapons, the Bonus itself is bad enough, and SMG doesn't have a good Dmg.

Cripple
Chance (%) to Cripple opponent reducing Dexterity by 25% (x3)

Categories: HA, SG

 

The worst vectors for Debuff Bonus, Cripple Bonus, are Heavy Artillery and Shotgun. Heavy Artillery has a low Acc and can't hit DEX whore. Shotgun's ROF is too poor to trigger a low-probability Bonus.

Crusher
Increased Head damage (%)

Categories: CL

 

Far worse than deadeye and Expose.

There is some controversy that the Crusher bonus does not fall under the category of injury-type bonuses. Judging from the trigger probability, its red upper limit is higher than that of the deadeye, and it has a good trigger probability (the probability of hitting the head is much higher than that of hitting the throat and heart).


But there are two reasons why I put it here:
1. The Crusher bonus is a bonus that can only exist in melee weapons (Club), which means it cannot use special bullets. That is to say, compared with firearms, it inherently has one less red damage bonus.
2. It will be diluted and damaged by any parry. One can imagine that if I had an expensive red Crusher, I might not be able to beat a cheap yellow parry, which is unacceptable.

Cupid
Increased Heart damage (%)

Categories: PI, PS, RF

 

Far worse than deadeye and Expose.

Double Tap
Chance at hitting twice in a single turn

Categories: PS

 

This Bonus only appears on handguns, which are too bad to be used as damage weapons. If Reload is required when the Bonus is triggered, it will neither Reload nor fire automatically.

Finale
Increased damage (%) for every turn the weapon is not used

Categories: HA

 

Weapons are chosen for use.

Grace
Increased Hit Chance (%), Reduced Damage (half%)

Categories: SL

 

A little better than Berserk, but not much better.

Hazardous
% chance to injure self

Categories: Nock Gun

 

The design significance is currently unclear.

Irradiate
Apply 1-3 hours radiation poisoning when used for the finishing hit

Categories: PI

 

Enemies defeated by Irradiate weapons do not need Neumune tablets to revive, if you want to weaken an enemy, send it a few more xanax, Drug Addiction does more damage than this.

Paralyze
Adds 300 seconds ‘Paralyze’ effect (50% chance of missing turns)

Categories: HA

 

Low trigger probability, and only Heavy weapons can generate this Bonus, Heavy weapons have poor ROF.

Roshambo
Increased Groin damage (%)

Categories: CL

 

It's less likely to trigger than Achilles.

Throttle
Increased Throat damage (%)

Categories: PS, RF, SG, SL, SM

 

Far worse than deadeye and Expose.

Wind-up
Increased damage (%) after spending a turn to wind up the weapon

Categories: CL, PI, SL

 

When the bonus is red and the weapon itself is good, it will deal more damage than ordinary weapons. But no more than other damage RW weapons.

Tip: If a weapon has both a "Wind-up" and a "Parry" bonus, the "Parry" bonus is still in effect while the weapon is "Wind-up". Reference

Melee weapon
Melee weapons are ready to use and can be used without reloading as opposed to guns.

It should be noted that among Melee weapons, Kodachi, Katana, Yasukuni Sword, and Samurai Sword are all Japanese blades which receive +10% damage from education.

If you want to see the numbers of all Melee weapons, you can see: Melee

 

Recommended weapons:

The Diamond Bladed Knife and Macana are the best Melee weapons, the difference being that Macana has a higher ACC number and the DBK is more balanced.

Easily overlooked is the Metal Nunchakus, which is also one of the best Melee weapons and has a balanced Dmg and Acc value, but is often half the price of DBK. There are two reasons for this, the first is that almost no articles recommend Metal Nunchakus, and most people only remember the best weapons. Another reason is that Metal Nunchakus' Stealth is 6.5, while DBK is 7.1 and Macana is 7.4. It may seem like it has a low Stealth, no more than 7, but in fact almost all guns have a Stealth value of no more than 3, and many friends are worried about getting caught if you attack someone, it doesn't matter if you win, but if you lose because of a bad weapon, no matter how high your Stealth is, they will get caught.

 

In addition to these three weapons, the four Japanese Blades are also very good, usually the Dmg of the Japanese blade is significantly higher than the Acc, and they have a historical education damage Bonus, some damage types bonus deal damage directly related to the Dmg of the weapon, So the Japanese blade is a better choice in situations where higher damage is required.

Among Japanese blades, the best are Kodachi and Yasukuni Sword, and most people think Kodachi is better, so Kodachi is the most expensive. However, I think Yasukuni Sword is very good. Although its Acc is not as high as Kodachi, its Dmg is higher. Since Japanese blade is chosen for 10% damage bonus, the higher Dmg can get higher revenue.

 

Among high Dmg Melee weapons, Naval Cutlass is easy to overlook because it's not a Japanese blade, so its price is low, it's a good price-performance option, and it meets the criteria of a good weapon. In many cases, a bad Japanese blade, even with the bonus of education, is no match for a good Naval Cutlass.

Guns
The gun needs to consume ammo to shoot, which means it can be enhanced with special ammo, and the gun can be further enhanced with mods.

Mods require mission credits to be purchased. To obtain a set of top mods you need to complete Duke’s missions everyday for months or even years, as we can see here: Weapon mods guide | Tutorials & Guides | TORN

It should be noted that in addition to looking at Dmg and Acc, the criteria for evaluating the quality of firearms should also pay attention to the "Rate of Fire", how many shots can be fired by a weapon? How often is it reloaded? These two issues are equally important, some weapons have magazines that only fire 3 shots, meaning you can only use them 3 times in a battle, and some guns require Reload per turn, meaning you're always one turn short of everyone else.

If you want to know the values of all firearms, you can see: Gun

 

Recommended Primary weapons:

The Armalite and Enfield SA-80 are the best Primary weapons, the difference is, the Arma has a high ACC and Dmg while the Enfield has a better ROF. Arma takes about 5 turns of Reload and Enfield takes about 7-8 turns of Reload.

SIG 552 and Tavor TAR-21 are the next best choice to the first two, the difference being, SIG has a higher Dmg and Tavor has a more balanced Dmg and Acc. Both weapons have a good ROF, about 5-6 turns before a Reload.

These are the best four recommended Rifles to use as a Primary weapon.

 

The Benelli M4 Super and Jackhammer are the most recommended Shotgun Primary weapons, the Benelli M4 has a better ROF and the Jackhammer has prettier stats, which are then followed by the Mag-7.

 

If you need a Primary weapon, consider the four Rifles first, unless it is a special Bonus match, Shotguns are not recommended, the ROF of Shotguns is much worse than Rifles.

 

Recommended Secondary weapons:

The BT MP9 is the best Secondary weapon (expensive), but it's ROF is unstable.

Milkor MGL and China Lake are the best Secondary Heavy Artillery.

 

In most cases, you can deal damage with a Primary weapon, Melee weapons as a secondary weapon to boost damage, or vice versa, depending on whether you have a better Melee or Primary weapon.

 

Secondary weapons are mostly unbalanced, have low damage, or are unable to hit enemies. Most Secondary weapons are expensive, the reason they are expensive is that they have some special bonuses, and the other reason they are expensive is that Secondary weapons occupy a separate slot.

Just remember, if you don't need some special Bonus, then you don't need to choose a Secondary weapon. If you need those special bonuses, it makes the most sense to pick a cheap Secondary weapon because you don't have to rely on Secondary weapons to do damage, and the best Secondary weapons are no better than Primary and Melee weapons.